the hobbit was sooooo good omfg 😭😭😭😭				
the hobbit was so good im sorry i ever had doubts				
rt @isabelsgarreton: the hobbit was so good im sorry i ever had doubts				
rt @piersst: i still cant get over how good the hobbit was 😍 im definitely going to watch it again!... so sad 😪				
@leannebrown9 going to see the hobbit tomorrow. was it as good as i hope??				
today was a really good day. saw the hobbit movie	 had fun date	 got home and caught the korra finale.		
rt @alillich_ajl: the hobbit was too good 🙌				
good thing i have people to go to the new hobbit with....				
so its settled! im moving to rivendell in the fall #rivendell205 final hobbit movie was toooooooooo good. cant even fathom how good it was				
the hobbit was sooo good 😍😭				
got to watch the new hobbit movie. ☺️ guess it was a pretty good night.				
oooh the hobbit was sooo good				
now that im home from seeing the hobbit	 i just wanna curl up and read the book before i fall asleep. it was so good	 ahhhh.		
rt @dylanlegebokow: so its settled! im moving to rivendell in the fall #rivendell205 final hobbit movie was toooooooooo good. cant even fa…				
the hobbit was a good movie				
the hobbit was sooo good... #notlordoftherings #butstillsooogood				
on another note	 hobbit was good af honestly. sad to see it over 😔			
went to see the hobbit with emily and friends. #lovethemsomuch #goodtobehome				
rt @thevampstristan: just watched the hobbit! good film! still prefer lotr though! 😁				
man... if you really enjoyed the book the hobbit then theres a good chance you wont enjoy the last movie. i at least thought it ok...				
the hobbit was so good. and im crying bcs its #onelasttime				
ayee the hobbit was a good movie				
the hobbit was so good i didnt want the series to end				
rt @jackharris_5: the hobbit was so good				
hobbit was so good				
got back from watching last the hobbit. :\ kinda disappointed but was still good!				
finally a good movie. watch hobbit	 the battle of the five armies guysss!!!			
the hobbit was so freaking good.				
@ace_pjihyun the hobbit lol ah good weather to do such thing.				
the hobbit... yes. twas soo good.				
the hobbit was so flippin good				
although it wasnt as good as the lotr trilogy	 the hobbit movies were pretty damn good #satisfied			
hobbit was good 👌				
@skyasi sounds like a good day. martin freeman is best hobbit.				
rt @isabelsgarreton: the hobbit was so good im sorry i ever had doubts				
getting my nails done and watching the hobbit today is gonna be a good day 😊😄😊😄				
the hobbit was so good i wanna go see it again 🌁				
the new hobbit was so fucking good! wish there were more to come	 i dont want it to be over 😭💔			
@0six2three oh ya. good thing i taped the hobbit  & 2 to lull myself to sleep... for like 20 mins 😣				
rt @snazzyalec: ayee the hobbit was a good movie				
saw the last hobbit movie with an awesome group of people and found out i pulled off a b in one of my difficult classes. twas a good day.				
just watched the hobbit	 another good movie 😊😊😊			
ducks win	 the hobbit was good	 and the semester is fucking over!		
the hobbit in 3d was so good 😊				
rt @elmakias: saw the hobbit	 was a good ride	 nothing special. top movie for 204 is john wick.		
rt @perdi309: iits a good day when you get a delivery of yarn from @woolwarehouse and the new art & design book of the hobbit:bofa by @we…				
the new hobbit was soo good last night! i may of even shed a little tear! 😢				
the hobbit was good	 with good people. 👫👦👦 💕			
thoroughly enjoyed watching the new hobbit movie. it felt as if it dragged a bit	 but it was a good ending to the trilogy.			
the hobbit was soooooo good. ive been waiting for that since the 5th grade 🙌👏				
new hobbit movie... sooo good				
iya. rt @potatota: you know what hobbit said when someone told him that the rating for the last movie is not very good? frodo amat!				
the best king on earth	 lord thorin!.. the hobbit	 too good!!		
@leepace @imax @thehobbitmovie the #hobbit its a good movie. it will be watch we and our descendants.thank you all for your wonderful work.				
the hobbit was definitely a good movie to catch! even though i didnt watch parts  &2 😂 really awesome graphics *.*				
“do you wish me a good morning	 or mean that it is a good morning whether i want it or not	 or that you feel good this morning	-0	
-or that it is a morning to be good on?” j.r.r. tolkien	 the hobbit.0			
the hobbit was a damn good movie.				
the hobbit was really good last night come to think of it! best one out of the three! #thehobbitthebattleoffivearmies				
watched the hobbit part 2 n whoever thought tauriel x kili was a good idea should have his own circle in inferno bc its just nasty				
driving away any possible new followers	 will be an infidel&say i didnt actually think the new hobbit was that *good* or engaging to...->			
can i not say goodbye to hobbit? 😭 thank you for the wonderful piece of imagination j.r.r tolkien.				
rt @emmaxcurtis: the hobbit was so freaking good.				
how was the hobbit? @rebeccamain6 @master_blazed was it good?				
the last goodbye from the hobbit 😢				
the hobbit was pretty good esp those massive fights				
just finished the hobbit and it was so good				
is hobbit even good				
rt @godofcorgi: the new hobbit movie was so good 😱				
awe the hobbit was hella good breh				
omg hobbit was so good!!!				
i loved the last hobbit film so much	 but the hobbit trilogy is still nowhere near as good as the lotr trilogy.			
the hobbit was so good 😭				
good morning! saw the latest hobbit movie last night and it was awesome!!				
the last goodbye. #hobbit				
watched the hobbit last night in the presence of @bryan_oviedo 	 even got a handshake off him	 it was a good night		
the hobbit 5 armies must watch so good much epicosity very excites such w0w				
the hobbit was soooooooo fucking good				
rt @balletvibes: the hobbit was sooo good 😍😭				
“@jooossseee_: awe the hobbit was hella good breh” 😭 i cant wait to see it 😱				
the hobbit was a pretty good movie				
im sure the hobbit was a great movie. i slept through the whole thing but im sure it was good				
the new hobbit is so fucking good				
rt @jennluvztexans: good morning! saw the latest hobbit movie last night and it was awesome!!				
rt @shelleyf26: the new hobbit is so fucking good				
rt @elmakias: saw the hobbit	 was a good ride	 nothing special. top movie for 204 is john wick.		
hobbit was kinda good. :)				
and the hobbit was really good				
“@vneessa_: and the hobbit was really good”.....				
the hobbit was good!!				
rt @joeyfarrell: watched the hobbit last night in the presence of @bryan_oviedo 	 even got a handshake off him	 it was a good night		
rt @isabelsgarreton: the hobbit was so good im sorry i ever had doubts				
hobbit was so darn good! 3d would be more epic tho				
the hobbit movie was actually pretty good 👍				
not what i expected from hobbit but it was still good				
hobbit was very good	 great wrap up for the trilogy. my favorite of the three for sure go see it			
@vi4yoon waaahhhhh youre going to watch the hobbit? thats good! tell me how it goes okay? and yes	 will save them for you <3			
nothing like the book but still a very good movie!! #hobbit #thebattleoffivearmies				
rt @elmakias: saw the hobbit	 was a good ride	 nothing special. top movie for 204 is john wick.		
seeing the hobbit again today	 its just too good			
the hobbit was good.				
watching hobbit on sunday and partying on saturday	 gonna be a good weekend			
see	 the hobbit trilogy wasnt half as good as the lord of the rings trilogy. peter jackson didnt do it justice	 at all.		
the hobbit was so good a couple of days ago! hate that the series of tolkien movies is finished!				
looking forward to see the hobbit: the battle of the five armies this weekend. should be a good one.				
rt @theseyi_: see	 the hobbit trilogy wasnt half as good as the lord of the rings trilogy. peter jackson didnt do it justice	 at all.		
someone take me to watch the hobbit again pls its so good				
but the company just bought everyone in the office tickets to the hobbit	 so im good.			
dang hobbit was good				
rt"@theseyi_: see; the hobbit trilogy wasnt half as good as the lord of the rings trilogy. peter jackson didnt do it justice; at all."				
the hobbit movie was great! it was so good	 even tho i havent seen the other parts yet! @a_snrw ❤❤			
can i help you？　yes	 im looking for goods of the hobbits.			
pls dont spoil me over the hobbit for goodness sake				
i finally finished the hobbit i cried so mych goodnight				
just saw the third hobbit movie and i have so many critiques but honestly the good bits were great				
hobbit was good recommend watching it recommend bringing me along to watch				
all the hobbit was not as good as the lotr. sorry... :( @thehobbitmovie @lotro				
@katriynann oh you definitely will. i had a lotr & hobbit marathon before i saw it	 teared up so much when the last goodbye started playing.			
@thenoveltyact i think jackson has done a good job of including other events around the time of the hobbit into the movies.				
rt @hannahlouya: i loved the last hobbit film so much	 but the hobbit trilogy is still nowhere near as good as the lotr trilogy.			
hobbit: battles of 5armies ! 3.5 out of 5. it was good but the ending *sigh*. why kili? why thorin?				
rt @elmakias: saw the hobbit	 was a good ride	 nothing special. top movie for 204 is john wick.		
recently started watching the hobbit and lord of the rings. its actually really good	 and ridiculously long.			
now that that hobbit crap is over maybe #peterjackson can produce somethin good like #district0 the much awaited sequel to #district9				
rt @vood00chld: hobbit was good recommend watching it recommend bringing me along to watch				
the hobbit was pretty damn good				
@evangelinelilly the only good part of the last film of the hobbit was seeing you :3				
hobbit was pretty good				
the hobbit was so good but unfortunately i slept for a few minutes while watching it 😭😭😭				
the hobbit was good				
@kyotoband maybe tonight. heard its good. catch itttt tonighttt! then go on a hobbit-lotr marathon				
good morning :) today ill go buy tickets for the hobbit :d				
the hobbit was really good!!				
things that get me excited: pizza fridges that come with icecube trays rap guy butts the hobbit fandom really good anime docta who armour m8				
@mahrask_ chft the hobbit bs	elbajen ams nzlo	 it was good y3ne	etha t7ben hindi go for p.k lna the imdp 8.3/0	night at the museum ymd7ona.
rt @evan_alpern: well daniel just got in a car accident but on the bright side the hobbit was good				
@jonbry97 ive seen the hobbit. was good but not my favourite. im really behind on my reading too. like	 3 weeks!			
hobbit was fucking good				
watched the hobbit last night	 it was good :)			
the hobbit the battle of five armies was so good!!				
i will remember the hobbit movies as lots of good individual moments padded with a lot of not as good moments.				
the hobbit part 3 is too good ❤️😎✌️				
rt @crunk_jews: all i really want is a hobbit hole in the shire	 ale at the green dragon	 some good pipe weed	 and a wizard wingman to help…	
cant wait to watch the hobbit later	 everyone is saying good things about it 🎬			
had a great time catching up with my high school best friend today. also watched the hobbit and boy was that good.				
i cant believe how good the last hobbit was. my life is complete.				
@glassesnghutrah good plan	 my mate over hyped the new hobbit film now he thinks it ruined the entire series he was so let down by it lol			
@adamk7 for many various reasons i havent seen any of the hobbit films. putting aside the obvious detractions	 are they actually good?			
@bettercitra good girl. lets go watch movie the hobbit.				
the new hobbit was good but not the standard weve come a custom to both in quality and length				
its a good thing to watch hobbit first bcs lord the rings is after hobbit				
the hobbit: the battle of the five armies was double good!!😁❤				
has anyone been to see the new hobbit ive been so zoned out i didnt even know it was out is it good @snatt0r				
rt @elmakias: saw the hobbit	 was a good ride	 nothing special. top movie for 204 is john wick.		
rt @hannahlouya: i loved the last hobbit film so much	 but the hobbit trilogy is still nowhere near as good as the lotr trilogy.			
rt @thevampstristan: just watched the hobbit! good film! still prefer lotr though! 😁				
watching the hobbit!! oh my gawd such a nice movieeeeee i love it so muchhhh. the ending was good :d				
@livworrall @hannahelizmills good cause im going to the hobbit at some point on sunday too (obvs your welcome to come!)				
rt @thevampstristan: just watched the hobbit! good film! still prefer lotr though! 😁				
done watching the hobbit: the battle of the five armies!! its a good film but my favorite character died 😭😰				
@ziraheeteuk omg it was good! the best of all the hobbit sequel! 👌				
rt @duleimifasolati: had a good time watching the hobbit with @charinajenine & @joeacosta06 ! thanks! 😊 goodnight😴				
the hobbit is damn good				
rt @ryanweightman: the hobbit was really good last night come to think of it! best one out of the three! #thehobbitthebattleoffivearmies				
sad when they said goodbye. sad when i realised its the end of the hobbit..				
going to see the hobbit the night anyone seen it ? is it any good ?				
rt @jennluvztexans: good morning! saw the latest hobbit movie last night and it was awesome!!				
@s_hoof hey	 was that hobbit film any good? thinking of going to see it over xmas.			
@punkrock_hobbit i dont know what most of that says but this drawing is so good and its really cute				
@punkrock_hobbit ohh i see well anyway its a really good drawing 😊				
rt @yecatsnajumuaj: sad when they said goodbye. sad when i realised its the end of the hobbit..				
the hobbit was soo damn good 👀				
i have no words of how good the final hobbit was				
the hobbit was so good. had three hours of sleep though. 😴				
@shaketrampjur true. btw	 dyou know what ryan said yesterday? everyone who thinks the hobbit is good	 is wrong! he was serious		
the hobbit was good👍(good is the only adjective i can think of for now) but yeah	it was really good(putting really to sound realistic)			
okay guys so im back from the hobbit and it was..... well less good than i thought.... a bit disappointing.....				
e and the boys leave in an hour or so. then the hobbit with my mom. good start to the weekend	 imo.			
the final hobbit movie was pretty good last night	 but i think they could have done the whole film in one 3 hour movie. two 2 hours at most.			
i hope the last hobbit movie is good cuz im seeing it on my day off 😚				
i wanted to weep at the hobbit omg so good				
got high hopes for the 3rd hobbit movie	 yall best be good			
cant wait to watch the hobbit tonight 😁 still not as good as lord of the rings though				
rt @dawnyoung_x: cant wait to watch the hobbit tonight 😁 still not as good as lord of the rings though				
omg the hobbit was so good				
the hobbit is soo fucking awesome! too bad i have to say goodbye to middle-earth 😢				
rt @dawnyoung_x: cant wait to watch the hobbit tonight 😁 still not as good as lord of the rings though				
jon spoke incessantly about smeagle and smaug	 of rings of power	 of good and evil wizards. it was a bad hobbit habit. #fp		
rt @battlecreekdav: jon spoke incessantly about smeagle and smaug	 of rings of power	 of good and evil wizards. it was a bad hobbit habit. …		
rt @taylor__daniel: the last hobbit was pretty good!				
so whos seen the hobbit? any good? looking forward to it this afty :)				
rt @battlecreekdav: jon spoke incessantly about smeagle and smaug	 of rings of power	 of good and evil wizards. it was a bad hobbit habit. …		
hobbit looks so good i cant wait				
hobbit was really good. my fav character is still bilbo baggins! ☺️				
rt @battlecreekdav: jon spoke incessantly about smeagle and smaug	 of rings of power	 of good and evil wizards. it was a bad hobbit habit. …		
hobbit: the battle of five armies was solid. peter jackson is not the perfect director i once thought him to be	 but the film is a good end			
the hobbit was an effin damn good movie!!				
hobbit was so fuckng good ammfbel kavsk				
~ the hobbit. i dont quite understand the movie cause i never watched it before. but the story line is good to me. ~				
rt @lidiyakhairul: the hobbit was an effin damn good movie!!				
rt @lidiyakhairul: the hobbit was an effin damn good movie!!				
hobbit the battle of five army was very good	 worth of money for 3d			
rt @heytherehaley_: ugh. the hobbit is so good. such a lor fan. 👏👏👏👏👏👏				
@misszombiecake sounds good to know	 off to see the hobbit now in the cinema	 catch up on skype soon?		
i dont know what im more excited about: how good the hobbit was yesterday or how good my paycheck was today.				
was gonna go see the hobbit solo today but got asked to open on my day off. more hours more moolah though so its all good.				
the hobbit was really good. such perfect ending. 😊😊				
hobbit is too damn good				
omg the new hobbit movie was so good 👌				
the hobbit last night and dumb and dumber tonight...its been a good two days!				
saw the final hobbit last night. good	 but they didnt seem as inspired as the lotr films.			
last day of work for 2 weeks and going to see the hobbit in imax 3d #onelasttime its gonna be a good one! #happytweet				
hobbit was damn good hsuwhbqka my most well spent 7bucks of my life no ragggrets				
time for the hobbit with my baby!!! not rly a fan but oh well hope its good~				
watching the hobbit today. mixed emotions	 i cant wait to watch it but i dont want to say goodbye to the middle earth			
so hobbit 3	 it was good but i will still say hobbit shouldve been a single movie.. they couldve done a separate move abt the middle earth			
the hobbit was so good. last installment was perff. peter jackson you nailed it.				
rt @egogreenturtle: ~ the hobbit. i dont quite understand the movie cause i never watched it before. but the story line is good to me. ~				
the good news is hobbit ni torrent ma aaisakyo.				
hobbit and tgis will be a good night				
hobbit was exceptionally good... for me				
ive heard that the 3rd hobbit film is not good :( and i wanted to go to cinema...				
ready to watch the hobbit	 but not ready to say goodbye to middle earth yet...			
the hobbit 3 #whatagoodmovie				
@goodreads ill be finishing the hobbit and continuing with nos4a2 by @joe_hill				
#vlogmas day 9 friday: the hobbit is so good				
the hobbit was so good!!!!!!!				
@cheeserzeppeli im good im gonna see the hobbit in an hour or so :3c how r u!!				
the hobbit was so good zhzhsnsbszhsjsj worth watching it for 2hrs and 25mins				
the hobbits really good and i watched it with 3d glasses 😎				
@elenapoopdoza i dont take shit from cachetona lookin ass bitches that think the hobbit trilogy is good				
@isaacseee hahahah walao still have the guts to say that??? not forgiven but yeah hobbit was good!!!				
good morning everyone! happy friday! cant wait til tonight!! movie night! finally get to see the hobbit!				
not very good but still loved the hobbit.				
the hobbit was fantastic ❤️ there wasnt as much good music in this one though	 unfortunately			
@izharsmiley yeah its good bro 👍 best of all the hobbit show				
@that_hobbit_kid what a lovely gingerbread house	 good luck!			
@aishyywaishyy hobbit yes good lets watch with ilene and averyl omgad				
i still cant get over how good the hobbit was i want to see it again				
the hobbit: battle of five armies..quality flim to end off the series! probably a good time to rewatch lord of the rings trilogy👌				
i had such a good time watching the first hobbit in 48fps hfr and 3d. i hope hobbit 3 will be just as good technically.				
on a scale of  to 9 how good was the new hobbit movie? @billratchet				
one good thing that happened today: a friend and i talked about how captivating the third hobbit movie was	 and it was a blissful two hours.			
gospel thoughts on the hobbit: money corrupts	 good will always fight evil	 evil seeks deceit	 friends	love and faithfulness win the day.
rt @thevampstristan: just watched the hobbit! good film! still prefer lotr though! 😁				
@gandeeeey i feel like as much of a good ending korra was i wanted a lot more. actually same with the hobbit lol				
hobbit was just too damn good				
had enough amazon reward points to get screen cleaners for the new 3ds plus the animated hobbit and lotr movies from the 70s. good times!				
hobbit 3 was good but it felt so short				
cant get over how good the hobbit was last night	 amazing movie	 definite must see 👀👍		
i wake up to korrasami im going to see the hobbit later dad said hes brining home my favorite chinese food tonight good				
happy fri! its gonna be a good one - heading out to see the final hobbit tonight - how many others are going?				
fucking christmas breaks. plans for watching new hobbit movie are now postponed to next year. plus	 student restaurants are closed.not good.			
the hobbit was a good movie! #thehobbitthebattleoffivearmies				
go see the hobbit. everybody. do it. so good.				
watched the hobbit yesterday with a good company 👍👏				
i like how everyone suddenly realized that making "the hobbit" into 3 films wasnt a good idea. was evident as soon as they announced it.				
the only good thing about the hobbit is the end when you hear ed sing i see fire				
good ending to round out the hobbit movies	 if youre a fan	 definitely should go and see it		
a task based day today including joys like the #dmv	 off to the #hobbit later... well	 im sure the popcorn will be good!		
rt @michaelparsley_: want to cry because hobbit 3 was so good....😍😢				
the hobbit was brilliant. a good end to a great trilogy.				
good morning :) going to see the hobbit today!				
rt @dylanlegebokow: so its settled! im moving to rivendell in the fall #rivendell205 final hobbit movie was toooooooooo good. cant even fa…				
the hobbit better be good				
if someone can download a good quality version of the new hobbit onto a drive or dvd for me ill pay you $20				
the last installment of the hobbit. a part of me just died. goodbye	 childhood. :(			
the hobbit was a good ass movie 🎯				
finishing work early and getting to spend the day with @jaymez989 watching the hobbit and eating loads of food is so good (((:				
what i learned from the hobbit 3: a) it is good b) it is very good c) probably my favourite hobbit film. #hobbit #bobbit #bilbo #baggin #bag				
nicest thing anyone has ever said about me? @goodmaggie rt i would rather read @use_theforce_em on the hobbit than see the movie				
@mattycii @boybearpig @navajodude972 good morning loves. hope all is well today. im at work. new hobbit is great!				
rt @cbeardrums: the hobbit trilogy is pretty freakin good!!! but in my opinion will never touch the lotr movies.				
hobbit was quite good and lots of action but could and should have been so much better				
ive had the last goodbye from the hobbit on repeat at work all day. sitting here all teary-eyed like a twit.				
ready to see the new hobbit movie. hoping it will be as good as the book.				
@ajinsone: the hobbit was good!!! fili...... my fili.... 😭				
hobbit 3 good work guys congratz peter jakson				
rt @beachippie: the hobbit was.... so. freaking. good. that is all ill say 🙌				
hobbit in imax 3d	 this had better be good...			
the hobbit was so good and i may have cried a lot.				
hobbit was so gooddd				
the hobbit was real good.				
the hobbit was really good				
the hobbit was good the battle was crazy				
hobbit was good				
anyone saw the new hobbit yet? i am going to watch it later on today and wondering if its any good.				
lots of good movies at #amstarcinemas this weekend! whats on your list to go see? the hobbit	 night at the museum	 annie...		
the hobbit : battle of fivr armies. a rating of 3.5/5 from me which is good.				
@ryfles_ wahh ive yet to watch it but it sounds promising already! glad hobbit was heartbreaking in a good way!				
at a screening of the hobbit courtesy of graycon and avaya. should be good!				
the ending for the hobbit was good! but i dont like it! oh kili! 😭 😭 😭				
just watched the hobbit the battle of five armies	 it was so good!			
@hannahnava that is good. lets see the hobbit!				
the hobbit was so good i cried				
@corinraymond @ cameron lastnite was grt then went to see #hobbit twas a good night on the town in the freezing cold				
finally	 good ending hobbit 👍			
hobbit was so good				
hobbit part 3 was so good. i recommend it				
the hobbit films are good but are let down after seeing lord of the rings.				
i would go see the hobbit a third time. it was wayyyyy to good.				
the hobbit was good 😊				
the hobbit was so good last night!!!! even with the odd giggler or two.... @amyfulena @rachyraybabe				
going to the #hobbit this evening... followed by good curry @wildmangoindian				
cant get over how good the hobbit was... i wanna see it again...				
@kathyfgibson hobbit should have been only 2 movies. first was so boring. second one was good but third is uninteresting.				
ive opted to see the hobbit in 2d	 low frame rate. that feels like a good choice.			
#nw the hobbit: the battle of the five armies @thehobbitmovie #thehobbitthebattleofthefivearmies #onelasttime #thelastgoodbye				
the hobbit was actually good? better than the st 2 by far				
its weird that the hobbit was so good but doesnt break my top 5 recent movies #gonegirl #nightcrawler #bighero6 #interstellar #foxcatcher				
saw the hobbit yesterday-good in some places but some bits didnt quite work and its nowhere near the same level of excellence as lotr				
today is sad and gloomy. but going to see the hobbit at 6 so its still a good day!				
@mishybot good luck running the bulls. think about martin in the @nbcsnl the hobbit / office crossover. itll help you live through it.				
the hobbit was fucking amazeballs. good end to the trilogy.				
the hobbit was so good man				
my feet r killin n im dead but the hobbit was soooo good i love !!				
@fivedollardare dont worry - even jackson had the good sense to never film that wet hobbit garbage				
hobbit was good	 even had to hold back the tears			
hobbit 3 was pretty damn good				
good day watching hobbit with mum today!! 😁😁				
xercybmopwredit6sjhckwfnme	iymnu #wcyh4wt hobbit soooo good. tauriel soooo hawt. i want her daggers too though :(			
if you were unhappy with hobbit  & 2	 why exactly did you think buying a ticket to see hobbit 3 was a good idea?			
the hobbit was so good!				
the new hobbit movie is actually preatty good 0/0 cgi #hobbitdesalationofsmaug				
fuck	 hobbit was such a good movie.			
new hobbit movie was insanely good				
@goodguyeli hahaha the article eloquently states my feelings on the hobbit movies and backs it up with actual tolkien quotes				
rt @keaaaashaav: the hobbit was fucking amazeballs. good end to the trilogy.				
oh and the hobbit was flippin good! (y)				
ah just watched the hobbit.... its good but its shudve been just 2 part				
rt @michaelnkm: oh and the hobbit was flippin good! (y)				
the new hobbit movie is sooo good im sad its over				
the hobbit was so good #goodending				
hobbit so goodz				
rt @doc_0: dear hollywood: how about a sequel where a super-smart	 good-looking hobbit makes middle earth a workers paradise? do it or els…			
the hobbit totally exceeded my expectation. i want to watch it again & again cos its that fucking good!!! 😭				
flippin heck the #hobbit was amazing! haters gonna hate but i thought it was as good as--possibly even better than--the lotr trilogy #cool				
just been to see the hobbit and it was so good!!				
just been to see the hobbit and it was so good!!				
hobbit was good cb i feel like i missing out on life by missing the first two movies!!				
please go watch the hobbit: the battle of the five armies because it was crazy good and martin freeman is the best 👍				
the hobbit will never be as good as lord of the rings. end of.				
went to see the last hobbit movie with anthony	 then had sushi & tempura cheesecake at koi. good food	 good movie	 & good company	
the hobbit was pretty good	 fair play			
@thehobbitmovie this last hobbit movie has successfully brought me into tears. ill say #thelastgoodbye to #bilbo & thank you peter jackson.				
rt @michtastic: please go watch the hobbit: the battle of the five armies because it was crazy good and martin freeman is the best 👍				
the hobbit was very good 8/0 would recommend				
the hobbit was good 🙏				
last hobbit was good dragged on doe				
the hobbit was so good again!! im now freezing in town alone though				
the hobbit was so good				
@nzrjnd someones having a good mood after watching the hobbit. hahaha :)				
the hobbit was so good!				
the hobbit :(((((((				
rt @rae_chelsi: the excitement for the hobbit tonight is so real right now. @blades_taylor @clintkinslow @riccidonnice				
i did not want the hobbit to end! 😔😭				
awsome ending fr the hobbit				
i really enjoyed the hobbit but the lines in it just didnt hold up against th ones in lotr hahah things could have been written better				
finally watching the hobbit bless				
rt @thekhayalan5: well	 hobbit 3 was okay. at least i found out what happened to the dragon ha ha.			
the hobbit finally ends	 and its not bad			
rt @larynrosey: ermygod the hobbit was bad assssss 😭🙌				
@sheepknees it that bad? the second was alright but its just no lotr :( havent been in ages and i may give the hobbit a miss.				
i wanna see the hobbit so bad 😩				
rt @larynrosey: ermygod the hobbit was bad assssss 😭🙌				
peter jackson	 i love you	 but hobbit 3 was so bad the fuck was that		
wna watch hobbit so freaking bad omg 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭				
i wanna watch the hobbit soo bad but i also wanna wait for my family from texas to come so i can watch it with them!				
the hobbit was badass!				
rt @jessecruz4l: the hobbit was badass!				
@yourjokesarebad see also: the hobbit in 48fps				
rt @jessecruz4l: the hobbit was badass!				
rt @simonsbadtweets: north korea has certainly done some awful things to the film industry lately	 but at least they didnt turn the hobbit…			
now i feel bad for deleting the hobbit				
@master_blazed @rebeccamain6 i never watched a single lord of the rings or hobbit movie thats bad ae dave sound like he know what he t ...				
oh and the hobbit was amazing by the way... the dwarfs are bad ass				
i really wanna watch the hobbit 3 so friggin bad				
rt @spreadingdread: if you ever feel bad for procrastinating just remember that peter jackson was still editing the hobbit a few hours befo…				
the hobbit was a badass movie!				
rt @bryony_millar: the hobbit: battle of the five armys is just badass! loved it!				
i want to see the hobbit so bad :(				
just watched the hobbit: battle of the five armies and gosh how it made me cry so bad that thorin and kili died gosh life is c r u e l				
i want to see the hobbit so bad 😩				
wanna see the hobbit so bad 😫😫😫				
the hobbit 2	 not that bad lah. 4/5 👍			
rt @mizaneese: the hobbit 2	 not that bad lah. 4/5 👍			
i just want to watch the hobbit so bad😭				
@branchlord @kirenagun i really dont like the hobbit movies. theyre bad in the same way the new star wars trilogy was bad.				
@rurikhan dunno if you saw the latest hobbit	 but whoo	 it makes you love dwarves! that dwarf army was badass!		
night at the museum 3 & get santa start today	 with paddington & the hobbit on as well! also a late night screening of bad santa at 0pm! :)			
@kathyfgibson when are you going for pk?? i m not gonna watch till next week. watched hobbit though. bad experience cause of 48 fpr.				
rt @thekinema: night at the museum 3 & get santa start today	 with paddington & the hobbit on as well! also a late night screening of bad s…			
the hobbit w badriz 😏				
@killerrobotarmy oh man	 bad news	 the hobbit never ends :(		
the hobbit could not have been more badass if it tried				
lesson learned from the hobbit: bad diplomacy can escalate quickly into war with orcs!				
@jadallah_rm @batool_motawe too bad. then	 the hobbit 3	 imax 3d or regular 2d?		
hmm the hobbit not bad.				
wanna watch the new hobbit movie so badly				
problem with all of this is that *any* tolkien movie made by jackson would not measure up. including the hobbit flicks	 which arent bad.			
so i knew the hobbit : bofa was gonna make me cry but i never thought itd be that bad #thehobbit #thehobbitthebattleoffivearmies #bofa				
after all the bad reviews it got	 im not excited for the final hobbit movie. ill probably still catch it on theater but not in any haste.			
the new hobbit movie was not bad.....couldve been better..but not bad				
wholeheartedly support #lrt	 jackson effed the hobbit movies badddddd.			
presentation✗ the hobbit ✓ tahu telor kecap ✓. not bad friday.				
rt @scottmccunt: wanna watch the new hobbit movie so badly				
the final part to the hobbit couldent of had ended better shit was so fucking badass!! but damn sucks that the hobbit an lotr is over.				
rt @scottmccunt: wanna watch the new hobbit movie so badly				
@maggiebadour time to go see the new hobbit then play spyro! best two things ever in this world				
omaha movie alert! you are hereby instructed to see the new hobbit @aksarbencinema and the babadook @filmstreams asap.				
rt @thereaderfilm: omaha movie alert! you are hereby instructed to see the new hobbit @aksarbencinema and the babadook @filmstreams asap.				
rt @thereaderfilm: omaha movie alert! you are hereby instructed to see the new hobbit @aksarbencinema and the babadook @filmstreams asap.				
rt @thereaderfilm: omaha movie alert! you are hereby instructed to see the new hobbit @aksarbencinema and the babadook @filmstreams asap.				
being in movie theater with your whole grade watching the hobbit isnt that bad 😂😂				
just watched hobbit. just badass!! especially those lines turiel and thranduil gave each other!! damn feels</3				
the final hobbit movie was an exhausting nothing. it made me appreciate george lucas attempts at prequel story telling. its that bad.				
friyaay rt @yoladewita: presentation✗ the hobbit ✓ tahu telor kecap ✓. not bad friday.				
if theres one thing ive learned from both the hobbit and lord of the rings	 its that the elves are badasses and shouldnt be messed with.			
i really	 really	 want to go see the hobbit: the battle of the five armies again so fricken bad.		
hope goblin up movies back to back like that isnt hobbit forming	 could be bad for my elf #obviouspuns			
rt @thejovenshire: i want to write down all the things that were so bad about this hobbit movie	 bit honestly	 i just want to forget it hap…		
rt @gemmajth: i really	 really	 want to go see the hobbit: the battle of the five armies again so fricken bad.		
rt @visionsisters: @thezenphoenix yay!! so cute!! hope u didnt have him already. its hard to shop for the girl who has the most badass #h…				
just because the hobbit movie wasnt exactly like the book doesent mean it was a bad movie 😒 stop trying to find things to complain about				
the smoug has been killed by the bad the dragon slayer #the hobbit 3				
i just wanna see the new hobbit so dang bad.				
i want to see the interview so bad	 and the hobbit			
wanna watch the hobbit so badly 😌				
i wanna see the hobbit soooo bad !				
@claymanxiii it wasnt bad. it just looked so much better in trailers. might see the hobbit tonight.				
talking "the hobbit: the battle of the five armies;" "annie" and "the babadook" around :50 a.m. on @nbcchicago.				
wanting to watch the hobbit so bad :-(				
watching the new hobbit without seeing the first two was a bad idea				
rt @sharkn8o: "i dont like bobs burgers" #worstdatein5words				
stumbled on to a pirated video of the hobbit	 battle of five armies. worst pirate job i have seen. blurred and in italian. go to theater			
hobbit sold out. heartbroken 	( worst christmas eves ever.			
leah picked the worst seats	 tuning my hobbit experience			
bilbo the worst character on the hobbit	this useless ass nigga was either being a weirdo or sleeping during a whole fight			
very disappointed in the hobbit	 probably the worst out of the saga			
honestly the hobbit has to be one of the worst films i have ever been forced to watch				
#worstdatein5words tell me about the hobbit.				
hobbit: 5 armies	 yo! (d-) worst habits indulged - incoherent action	 digi-drained visuals	 excessive moodiness	 and... lack of hobbit...
the worst part about having the flu right now is that i still havent seen the new hobbit...				
i was disappointed in the final hobbit movie 😕				
im already disappointed about the hobbit and then i just realized that hot chocolate is just warm chocolate milk. when will it end!				
yesterday i watched the latest hobbit movie in imax 3d and was a bit... disappointed.				
@alexiaraye if you like the hobbit	 you will be disappointed with the 3rd one :(			
the hobbit was awesome i cant describe a perfect word for it 😍😍😍 but the ending somehow made me sad and disappointed. oh kili 😭😭				
@dearxdira: the hobbit was awesome i cant describe a perfect word for it 😍😍 but the ending somehow made me sad and disappointed. oh kili😭😭				
people change; feelings fade; things go wrong; memories remain but life goes on. gudeve "the hobbit" disappointed :c				
am i the only one who was incredibly disappointed by the hobbit: the battle of five armies? like i feel so let down by it its unreal.				
i was kind of disappointed in the new #hobbit movie but it could be because i just read the book. the cgi was overdone. it looked cheap.				
i was disappointed that in the 44 minutes of hobbit 3	 peter jackson didnt find space for a song-and-dance scene about washing the dishes.			
rt @kevinhargaden: i was disappointed that in the 44 minutes of hobbit 3	 peter jackson didnt find space for a song-and-dance scene about…			
absolutely buzzing to see the hobbit tomorrow	 if its not amazing	 i will be disappointed		
thinking back on it i was kind of disappointed in the hobbit	 the whole series was lacking quite honestly			
the hobbit was so great. anyone who is fan will not be disappointed.				
little disappointed that the final hobbit instalment was so subpar				
hobbit. horrible.				
dear hollywood	 you have done a horrible job with the hobbit movies. sincerely	 people who read the book. #thehobbit		
gonna try and go see hobbit 3 tomorrow. been too long since i had a smaug fix. :p				
going to the cinema by myself and i want to see penguins of madagascar but thats not socially acceptable so i have to see the hobbit ://				
the hobbit apa the pyramid yaa :/				
watched the latest hobbit movie last night ...still not convinced about the high frame rate; it looked awful and "cheap" in parts :/				
this hobbit talk on my tl.. #cluelessasfuck :/				
“@_ryansmithmusic: speaking as a massive lotr fan ...... the last hobbit was a bit nothing tbh :/” @jameswaree haha do you agree?😂				
got to try and finish my ucas application	 wrap loads of presents and watch the first two hobbit films before tea :/			
wow that one conversation in the hobbit: the battle of the five armies :/ much feels	 such relate			
(seeing the hobbit today :/				
i really want to see the hobbit the battle of five armies.... but in a way i dont.... i dont want to see my favorite movie ending :/				
fell asleep watchin the hobbit :/				
hobbit was goood hahaha	 but the ending :/			
i fall asleep when watching the hobbit 😂😴 #wifbuddies				
after watching the hobbit all i wanna do is go slay some orks out in the streets. movie gets me to hype. #cantsleepnow				
(night of the museum 3) and (before i go to sleep) those two films i wanna see in golden stars and i wanna see hobbit film in the imax				
just got finished watching the hobbit...excuse me while i go cry myself to sleep. @thehobbitmovie #onelasttime #childhoodover				
despite the fact im just getting to bed after watching the first two hobbit movies	 i am totally okay with only getting 6hrs of sleep			
@pippajaysays in my defence	 i havent watched a single lotr or hobbit film. and not paid attention or fell asleep in hp films			
the hobbit made a nigga fall asleep				
im being v productive today c: doctors	 hobbit and shopping then skype sleepover with beautiful naomi			
cant sleep	 might reread the hobbit.			
plans for tomorrow: do laundry	 sleep	 eat	 watch the hobbit: battle of the five armies :)	
flying back to brunei tomorrow 6.45am but then its a no-sleep night for me 8d hobbit at imax at .40pm	 bring it on.			
@katiewolski sorry i fell asleep	 im awake now and ive got to tidy up the house before seeing the hobbit :d i can brainstorm some ideas :)			
lotr still better than the hobbit...its more moving and it doesnt have a helpless hobbit sleeping through scenes				
rt @tbhsami: im being v productive today c: doctors	 hobbit and shopping then skype sleepover with beautiful naomi			
cant believe i fell asleep through the hobbit in the cinema last night 😂😂😂				
3 hours of sleep really wrecked me lol and were watching hobbit later				
@ieahhh cus i was nervous for an interview and couldnt sleep. and also at the time i just came back from watching the hobbit 😁				
last time i watched the hobbit in cinema	 i almost fall asleep..lets hope that doesnt happen again haha xp			
the last of the hobbit trilogy was epic! shame i fell asleep for like 0 minutes lol.				
@chiddle84 theres no two-hour hobbit movie. you were asleep on a park bench. youve gone native.				
time to meng-hobbit kan diri.. x pernah tgk hobbit or lotr or whatsoever	 so lets not fall asleep ok 😂😂😂😂			
@dudesleepy hobbit eh?				
so many options tonight.. stay home and sleep	 drink with the boys	 go see the hobbit? rough choices		
thought the hobbit was wicked inspite of falling asleep through the last two #hobbitbattleoffivearmies #hobbitconvert				
@ashleigh_yeo @elli_major think you mean lord of the rings? thats shit like i also fell asleep!! can just tolerate the hobbit				
5.5 hours of sleep was worth it for the hobbit.				
when your friends drag you to watch the new hobbit movie with them but you fell asleep during the first two				
the hobbit was well worth only getting five hours of sleep lol				
@papstjames what you got to say now hobbit	 take your lil ass back to sleep.			
the hobbit the battle of the five armies later more like the battle of me not falling asleep throughout the movie				
ah im so tired what if i just fall asleep while watching the hobbit in the cinema				
ill try and ask if i may watch the hobbit 😴😴😴 #sleepy #2am				
dammit i fell asleep at a lot of parts during the hobbit again				
@tdotcam u should go to sleep instead of seeing the hobbit				
tomorrow is goung to be hell. work till morning 7 without sleeping. then off to uni for an interview. tweetup	 funeral and hobbit to follow.			
@russellsriff that sucks! lack of sleep kills. the hobbit will make you forget about the crappy week for sure. so amazing!				
im going to hobbit marathon this week after 2 hours of lotr last week im a pro now its gonna be great and i wont fall asleep woo				
things i get to do today: dress up all cute and pretty and go see the hobbit. things i dont get to do today: sleep	 dragon age.			
hobbit was so gooooooood wth i cant believe i fell asleep ajbsajbsmabsnsns				
been playing lego hobbit the last couple of days and its been pretty okay. better than harry potter	 not as good as star wars			
the battle of five armies was so good that i impulse bought the hobbit lego game on the steam sales @ellamaina i cant do this alone.				
i feel for the orc that legolas kills. hes a guy who enjoys his job	 is good at it	 but dies bc legolas doesnt conform to physics #hobbit		
@thespidermatic loads of good movies being released. intersellar	imitation game	hobbit 3	american sniper etc.	
rt @evan_m_williams: this is amazing!! check out my good friends #chcm3 in their new #hobbit rap video #onering. get it girls. fng crazy. …				
slept in till 0:50.. feeling pretty good. hoping my bros better to so we can go see the hobbit				
i would like a hobbit goodie bag	 please.			
@seanastin did u watch the last hobbit movie? is it good?				
@nohaamoustafa komt hd5ol the hobbit embare7 bs l2et horrible bosses 2 f d5lto 😅				
الليلة ان شاء الله بشوف : foxcatcher horrible bosses 2 the hobbit : the battle of the five armies 😔❤.				
@tom_grace96 im going watching the hobbit with the family bro	 cant :/ defo up for going out any other time though!			
